# Abstract

In this work, we develop methods for single image super-resolution where large data sets are not available and the unknown compressive models are diverse and complex. We develop and demonstrate techniques for combining classic sparse representations with modern ideas in deep neural networks, such as neural network ensembles, to improve the performance of image super-resolution. Classic image super-resolution deep networks are often studied using a large amount of training data and simple or fixed compressive models. However, in applications with limited training data, their performance tends to be unstable. Herein, we use transform domains, in particular wavelet domains, where images can be represented sparsely to generate a robust model accommodating small training data and diverse compressive models. Our model leverages an ensemble of image super-resolution networks to provide stable high quality reconstruction results. In particular, we report here a successful application of our model to improve the resolution of areal density maps of Miralon sheets generated by a Mahlo QMS-12 Qualiscan Beta Transmission System. Our model can reveal finer details in the material texture from a small training data set, helping to improve the detection of manufacturing defects and improving the quality control capabilities for Miralon sheet production.  

# Contribution
Herein we demonstrate how an ensemble model achieves a robust optimal result for various types of compressive models from small training data sets with the help of different transform domains. Bechmark algorithims SRResNet, EDSR and RCAN are utilized as basic image processors. We propose an ensemble CNN which assembles multiple basic image processors in different representation domains for an optimal combined result. We call this ensemble sparse model EnsemNet. Taking advantages from multiple representation domains, our model stands apart from previous algorithms by adapting different small training sets. The advantage of our model is demonstrated through the comparison among individual image super-resolution CNNs in single transform domains and the ensemble model. Our work is novel in three ways.
#### First, our method provides a general solution for the image super-resolution problem on diverse and complex compressive models in real-world applications.

#### Second, the optimal performance is stable over different selections of small training data sets.

#### Third, based upon advantageous properties of sparsifying transform domains, our ensemble model combines the results from different domains to provide a robust solution from insufficient training data sets. 
